# Kattis Attempts
For a time, I spent much of my free time solving programming problems on [Open Kattis](https://open.kattis.com). It's basically just LeetCode. My school  (can I even say that if I dropped out?) ranks [quite highly](https://open.kattis.com/ranklist/universities) on Kattis, and during my freshman year I spent a decent amount of time climbing the ranks.

This repo contains most of (if not all) my ***attempts*** written during that period. The naming convention roughly corresponds to the problem id on Kattis, though I apologize if this is not always the case. There are some folders from competitions, and the file naming scheme there corresponds to the letter associated with the problem (contests use letters as a quick way of identifying problems on the scoreboard). I don't have the links to these competitions on hand, but I'm sure if you look hard enough you will find the problems from those competitions. Indeed, they are mostly, to the best of my knowledge, hosted on Kattis.

Note that this repo is named "Kattis ***Attempts***" for good reason. Many of the files do not contain correct solutions. The majority of them do, but the incorrect or incomplete ones are not marked so. This is not published so that you can copy-paste solutions to a couple hundred problems freely - don't try to use it as such.

I do not condone plagarism, and I trust that viewers of this repo understand that there is zero net gain from cheating on problems like these. If you want to expedite your learning, solve all the problems first, and compare the differing approaches.